Edadealcorecase 1350 (#712)
V4Fire/Client: src/form/b-input/CHANGELOG.md

> - :house:      [Internal]
> - :nail_care:  [Polish]

## v3.??.?? (????-??-??)

#### :rocket: New Feature

> * Add props `textHint` with additional text hint that is shown after the non-empty input text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new prop `textHint` to show extra text after the component non-empty input
```
